Resolves #2250 (#2261)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/addsdeployment/Install-ADDSDomainController.md

### -SkipPreChecks
Specifies that only a base set of validations will be performed.
This behavior is equivalent to the validations that were performed when using `Dcpromo.exe` in earlier versions of Windows Server to add a new domain controller.
When this switch parameter is set, it specifies that additional preliminary checks should be bypassed.

> For more information on the scope of these additional preliminary checks that the ADDSDeployment module performs by default when using Windows Server 2012R2, refer to the table in the section "ADPrep and Prerequisite Checking Architecture" in the [AD DS Simplified Administration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=237244).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the scope of these additional preliminary checks that the ADDSDeployment module performs by default when using Windows Server 2012 R2, refer to the table in the section "ADPrep and Prerequisite Checking Architecture" in the [AD DS Simplified Administration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=237244).
```

```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, `-OutVariable`, `-OutBuffer`, `-PipelineVariable`, `-Verbose`, `-WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216)..

Author: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, `-OutVariable`, `-OutBuffer`, `-PipelineVariable`, `-Verbose`, `-WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
